---
title: Building a C2 Framework Paper
date: 2025-10-07 12:00:00 -500
categories: [malware development,red team,offensive tooling]
tags: [Rust,C2,pentesting,career,tips,tricks]
image:
  path: /assets/img/posts/c2/CoverC2.png
  alt: C2 Logo
---

## Why?

I created this to be a open-source C2 framework to bring together all the knowledge related to Maldev and Offensive Tooling, practical techniques I’ve learned but hadn’t a way to showcase. Beyond demonstrating my work, the project is meant to give back: provide a learning resource for others interested in offensive tooling. Others can take this same approach to other languages, share implementation patterns, and help learners pick up one or two concrete skills or ideas.

## What would see?

This work documents the design and implementation decisions underlying a Rust-based Command-and-Control framework. For now is very focused on Windows rather than linux. Which mean there will be a lot of Windows Internal stuff. 
#### Data and Code Availability
Because the project remains under development and full disclosure of operational code could facilitate misuse, the accompanying repository and manuscript provide curated artifacts: selective code snippets, algorithmic descriptions, comparative implementation notes, and rationale for architectural choices. These materials are intended to support reproducibility, facilitate academic critique, and serve as a resource for researchers and practitioners studying offensive tooling and defensive countermeasures.

The implementations shown represent illustrative design choices rather than mandatory approach. Alternative implementations may offer better performance, security, or maintainability. Any experiments were conducted within controlled, legal environments.
>Note: This repository is a work in progress and not fully public at the moment. It is intended as a reference and learning resource, not a complete tutorial or a plug‑and‑play C2 package... take it like a journal.
{: .prompt-info}

---